well I am not an athlete I am not I have never been an athlete I am not
particularly well coordinated I'm not particularly strong but I'm
healthy I got through marine corps boot camp without ever fallen out
of a run you know and I got you twenty four years of reserve duty without
getting thrown out for not being in shape or getting my way out
of control a thing but your have to be a super athlete to be in the
military you do need some basic level of physical fitness and you
gotta watch your weight at my age I frequently go to the international
conference on military technology and I'm always amazed at how many
fat officers there are in foreign military that's just not put up
with anymore in the U. S. military if you see a really grossly overweight
member the US military today you give me a call let me know
because I don't see it anywhere and if you ever see all movies from
World War two look at the general who developed the atomic bomb general
Leslie groves and the pictures of him he would get bounced out of
the military in a second because he was overweight now that brings
about the and a very interesting point he was a vital member of our
defense effort more too and yet today the intro about consider looked
very good uniform used to fat don't know